.TH utopia-documents "1" "2014-07-01" "utopia-documents" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
utopia-documents \- view scientific PDF articles and augment them with
additional online data
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B utopia-documents
[\fIOPTIONS\fR] [\fIFILE\fR ...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B Utopia Documents
is a PDF reader that displays interactive annotations on scientific
articles.  By connecting the static content of scientific articles to
the dynamic world of online content it makes it easy to explore an
article's content and claims, and investigate other recent articles
that discuss the same or similar topics.

Explore the sidebar to get immediate access to an article's metadata
and browse the relationship it has with the world at large. Generate a
formatted citation for use in your own work, follow bibliographic
links to cited articles, or get a document's related data at the click
of a button.

Various extensions provide links to blogs, online data sources and to
social media sites so you can see what other researchers have been
saying about not only the article you're reading but its subject
matter too.
.SH USAGE
If Utopia Documents is already running,
.B utopia-documents
will arrange for it to load an article in a new tab; otherwise it will start a new
instance.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Print brief help and exit.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-version
Print version information and exit.
.TP
.B FILE
Filename or URL of PDF article to load.
.SH BUGS
Please report bugs, oddities, requests or suggestions
to <info@utopiadocs.com>
.SH SEE ALSO
See http://utopiadocs.com/quickstart for an overview of functionality.
.SH AUTHOR
James Marsh <james.marsh@utopiadocs.com>
